title,author,genre,description
The Silent Forest,Jane Hill,Mystery,A detective uncovers secrets hidden deep in the woods while chasing a serial killer.
Spacebound,Rico Vega,Science Fiction,An astronaut embarks on a mission to Mars but discovers an ancient alien presence.
Dark Code,Nick Cipher,Thriller,A cybersecurity expert is drawn into a global web of espionage and hidden messages.
Fog Over London,Claire Black,Mystery,"Set in Victorian London, a private investigator unravels political conspiracies amid murders."
Beneath the Waves,Diana Coast,Adventure,An underwater archaeologist discovers an ancient city lost in the ocean.
Love in Paris,Emily Rose,Romance,A love story between a local baker and a traveler unfolds in the heart of Paris.
The Glass Citadel,Arthur Stone,Fantasy,A young sorceress must unite seven warring kingdoms before an ice age consumes the world.
Echoes of the Past,Sarah Kline,Historical Fiction,"A family secret from World War II resurfaces, forcing a modern woman to confront her grandfather's hidden life."
Zero Hour Protocol,Mark Delta,Science Fiction,A team of scientists race against time to prevent a black hole from swallowing Earth's moon.
Whispers in the Library,Eliza Reed,Mystery,"When a rare manuscript vanishes, a book restorer finds herself investigating a closed-circle of eccentric scholars."
The Serpent's Heart,Liam Vance,Adventure,"Following an old map, a treasure hunter navigates the dense Amazon jungle in search of a mythical artifact."
A Taste of Freedom,Julia Chen,Contemporary,"A chef leaves her high-stress restaurant job to open a small bakery, finding unexpected love and peace."
Crimson Tide,Victor Hale,Thriller,A political journalist uncovers a massive corporate conspiracy tied to a catastrophic oil spill.
Beyond the Veil,Nadia Frost,Paranormal,A skeptic is forced to believe in ghosts when a mischievous spirit attaches itself to her antique shop.
Starship Nomad,Owen Kade,Science Fiction,"The last human alive pilots a battered starship across the galaxy, searching for a legendary new home."
The Duke's Deception,Penelope Light,Historical Romance,"In 19th-century England, a governess discovers her employer, the Duke, is leading a double life."
Mountain of Fire,Gael Cruz,Adventure,An unlikely team of explorers must climb an active volcano to retrieve a sample vital to saving the planet.
The Memory Thief,Alex Shaw,Psychological Thriller,"After a traumatic event, a man realizes someone is systematically stealing and altering his memories."
Clockwork Dreams,Maxine Gears,Steampunk,"A brilliant but reclusive inventor builds an automaton to impersonate him, only for the machine to develop its own sentience."
Summer by the Coast,Tessa Blue,Romance,A woman returns to her childhood beach town to sell her family home and falls for the town's charming lighthouse keeper.
